Here's a step-by-step breakdown of how I would investigate the deployment issue the customer reported:

Review Customer Description:
Carefully read and understand the details provided by the customer in the support email. Make note of any specific actions they took before encountering the issue.

Analyze Error Message:
Focus on the error message they shared:

vbnet
Copy code
v83 is being deployed
c2258102: yyz pending
c2258102: yyz pending
c2258102: yyz running unhealthy [health checks: 1 total]
c2258102: yyz pending
c2258102: yyz pending
c2258102: yyz pending
c2258102: yyz pending v83 failed - Failed due to unhealthy allocations - not rolling back to stable job version 83 as current job has same specification
Research the Error:
Research the error message, and see if it's a known issue within your environment or deployment platform. This can give you insights into potential causes and solutions.

Check Deployment Configuration:
Investigate the deployment configuration. Ensure that the version being deployed (v83 in this case) is set up correctly and that there are no conflicts or issues with the allocation specifications.

Review Recent Changes:
Ask the customer about any recent changes they made to their app. A small change could have unexpected consequences on deployment. Focus on changes related to dependencies, configurations, or any settings that could affect deployment.

Examine Health Checks:
The error mentions "unhealthy allocations." Review the health check configurations and ensure they are correctly set up. An unhealthy health check could lead to deployment failures.

Check Resource Allocations:
Analyze the resource allocations specified for the deployment. Are they sufficient for the app's requirements? Make sure that the allocated resources match the app's needs.

Investigate Logs:
If available, delve into deployment logs. Look for any error messages, warnings, or anomalies that could provide insights into what went wrong during the deployment process.

Test the Deployment:
Create a test environment, if possible, and attempt to replicate the customer's deployment process. This could help you pinpoint the exact step or configuration that's causing the issue.

Reach Out to Tech Team:
If you're unable to identify the issue after following the above steps, involve your technical team. Discuss the problem, the actions you've taken so far, and gather their insights.

Engage the Customer:
Keep the customer informed about your progress. Update them on your findings and let them know you're actively working on resolving the issue.

Document Findings and Solutions:
As you troubleshoot, document your steps, findings, and solutions. This can be helpful for future reference and for sharing knowledge within your team.
